Evaluate selectors in response stage when possible (#5725)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bnjjj_fix_subgraph_selector_for_event.md

### Evaluate selectors in response stage when possible ([PR #5725](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5725))

> As `events` are triggered at a specific stage (`request`|`response`|`error`) we can only have condition for the related stage and so sometimes you can also have selectors that can be applied at several stages (like `subgraph_name` to get the subgraph name). This change adds more possibilities when creating conditions on events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As `events` are triggered at a specific event (`request`|`response`|`error`) we can only have condition for the related event, but sometimes selectors that can be applied at several events (like `subgraph_name` to get the subgraph name). Adds support for various supergraph selectors on response events.
```
